fix(curriculum) changed wording on step 55 (#47182)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-forms-by-building-a-registration-form/60ffe9cb47809106eda2f2c9.md

Lastly, for the submit button, you want to separate it from the `fieldset` above, and adjust its width to never be below `300px`.

> Change the `margin property to include `1em` on the top and bottom. Be sure to leave the right and left margins at `auto` and then set the width as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the `margin` property to include `1em` on the top and bottom. Be sure that the right and left margins are set to `auto`, then set the width as described above.
```
